hello guys I'm talking from Brazil am I
gonna show you this mutual and the 300s
EEE I didn't find any videos and YouTube
making some review on it so I'm gonna
try to show you something this is a
beautiful song spruce top it has
rosewood in Rosewood and the bridge in
the back in the sides we've had
beautiful a bumper fling your Indian
rosewood on the fret board it has a nice
look in a nice finish it's kind of dirty
here we have a good quality Fishman
electronics here a mahogany neck and got
bladed tuners so try to make some sound
I'm just a beginner musician so you
should not expect something be here
first let's try some fingering
it has a nice sound a strong sound very
strong bass and very defining treble
so let's try some shrimp
so this is the meet you
I'm d300 hope you like it really enjoyed
this guitar is making me really really
help